Added 'how to apply' section to doc (#18)
micro-ROS/system_modes: system_modes/README.md

Running the monitor:  
$ `ros2 launch system_modes mode_monitor.launch.py modelfile:=[path/to/modelfile.yaml]`

## How to Apply

> When designing the hierarchy of your system, try to group parts semantically, e.g., everything that belongs to *perception* or *navigation*. You want to group those parts of a system that are often jointly managed (initialized, shutdown, configured).

Reviewer: I propose to add a sentence that it is not required to build the hierarchy up to a single root, but that it is possible to have multiple root sub-systems.

When designing system modes for your system, try to focus on platform-specific aspects (so those that are generally present) rather than aspects specific to a certain application. Good examples are *degraded* and *performance* modes of the platform, bad examples are system modes to encode the current number of (grasping) re-tries.

> Also, avoid *read-only* system modes, e.g., modes that discretize/encode a read-only internal state. An example for such a system mode specification to avoid is *low energy* and *full*, discretizing the charging level of a battery component. We currently don't distinguish *manageable* and *read-only* system modes in the SMH file, so this could lead to issues in the deliberation layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, do not model any "read-only" system modes, e.g., modes that discretize/encode a read-only internal state. An example for such a mode specification to avoid is *low energy* and *full*, discretizing the charging level of a battery component. The System Modes concept assumes that the activatability of a system mode of a given node or subsystem should depend only on the states and modes of the other nodes and subsystems (and on the higher-level task executed by some deliberation layer). Note that the same applies to the ROS 2 node lifecycle states (*Unconfigured*, *Inactive*, etc.) with exception of the *ErrorProcessing* state, which can be taken autonomously by a node. (If a node performs a transition to *ErrorProcessing*, this is automatically propagated upwards as inferred state along the hierarchy modeled in the SMH file until a specific configuration that matches this case is found. In any case, it is up to some higher deliberation layer to handle the failure of this node or subsystem.)
```
